You just said so much
Don't you just want a lion to open his mouth?
Tell me how much money it takes to help the Jiang family
You say the number
I satisfy you
So far, you still think I can't do it
Okay, then 100 million
100 million, are you crazy?
Chen Huacan
I knew you were coveting the property of the Jiang family
One hundred million, how dare you say it?
Right.
I'm just crazy.
There is no need to talk about 100 million words
Very good Chen Huachan
Don't regret it.
Regret I just regret being blind
I believe you will accept me
I didn't cut ties with you sooner
I tell you the truth
Dad has told Xiaoli to come and tear down your house
If you don't let go and admit your mistake
You will be homeless
Jiangning has come to dismantle it last time.
I couldn't possibly give him a second chance.
To demolish my house
It's up to you to dismantle it or not
waste
The end result of toasting and not eating and being fined is miserable